Dashboard: 
    Column names should be clickable.When clicked it should sort according to relevant name. by doing this we can eliminate sort by project name button
    Total portfolio and other cards should be more schematic.Like a pie.backgrounds should be white.
    Export button should be more specific should tell user what its function.
    This element should be removed.that description should be next to breadcrumb bar with simple description. Breadcrumb navigation should be a little bigger for visibility. user should understand easly where he is .
    cards should have similar designs and consistency. the space between cards should be calculated equily and should be distributed among the page.
    Budget utilization should now be removed. We will add spendings feature to each project later.
    We need to integrate a gantchart system which shows projects start and finish date so we can understand which projects overlay. to have a clear visual and planning on projects.(need to find which gantchart feature to implement.do it with context7)
    When clicked on a project name and navigates to project page,it should show the active sidebar as All project.All project tab name should change to My Projects.
Projects tab:
    We should have only list view.On list view it should have columns as Project Name,Client,Type,Status,Manager,team(with team members inital icons) progress and actions.Im not sure why we are using action button. what functions we can add to that. Please suggest.
    On this tab we should be able to click project names and it should navigate us to project's specific page.
    We need to implement same gantchart(timeline module) here. the clicking we are doing on dashboard with gantchart, it should have same here but with one difference.as this tab will be a My project tab,user should only see the gant chart of the projects that he is assigned to.Do the logic. because some users will not be able to see Dashboard tab.
Timeline:  
    User should be using and changing or creating a timeline for only assigned project. this tab is not an area he can see all the projects timeline at once. He can create and modify timeline of a specific project here. Mark the milestones. Maybe on below he can add comments to be taken into account?Critical path should be on this tab as well.
Specific project tab.
    This is the most important section of our app.Users should be seeing and interacting of all projects aspects. User should see overview,Scope,Shopdrawings,Material Specs,Activity feed(project specific ) and reports.On scope management,scope items should be in 4 groups. Construction,Millwork,Electrical,Mechanical.Scope items should have itemcode(Generated by app with project initals) item name,description,qty,unit price,total price(multiply qty and unit price). and they should have inital cost and actual cost so we can calculate deviation of the budget.
    Scope list should be added to the system by an excel file template.It should be downloadable with one button.user should download it and input the data then upload with the same file. File type  should be xslx.Nothing else!!
    On scope management tab, we can remove the progress column.It should have dependincies column which should show if related shopdrawing and material spec is approved.if one them is not approved yet give an alert on that column.When clicked create a modal pop up showing why is it blocked. Put two buttons there if user wants to disconnect these dependincies. This dependencies should only be for millwork items. Other group doesnt have dependincies.
    Put an action column,which we can delete,see details of the scope item.On details of scope item it should open a modal pop up showing details of the item.We should be adding comment as well. We should be editing these details as well.
    Shopdrawings can remain same for now. but one feature should shopdrawings and material spec tab should have approvals. Approvals will be done by client,for now it will be done by project manager.It should record revisions,submit dates,approved by who.Shopdrawings for the millwork should have a button to be assigned as a task to a team member.

    

